who does not know that
in the over
In many cases, the battery is already after
surf some phone calls on the internet
watch videos and listen to music quickly
empty
The industry has one
come up with new trick
there are now akkupacks in the trade
akkupacks at a variety of prices
with a variety of services
and gimmicks five batteries we have ourselves
views for you and the way
and the handling tested the pl 101
5200 milliamps with integrated lan
wlan internally four gigabytes of memory
Upgradeable up to 64 GB and one USB
connection with the mandates at his
smartphone or tablet can transmit
The price for this battery pack could be from
Unfortunately, the company can not be named
only so much that the battery pack as
external multimedia center up to
20 devices can be used simultaneously
can
The next Chinese battery pack has
an output of 15 1000 milliamps
The loading time is one and a half days
an integrated lamp for whatever
because the battery packs or so lights up
mirror when turned on to a
Chinese picture will and unfortunately too
lit so the power is consumed
what is a pity on the USB port you can
Two devices operate a smartphone and
a tablet pc for the smartphone
you use the five volt 1 ampere
output at the second connection can be
a second smartphone or one too
connect another tablet pc
the output power of the connections is
different but also well marked
usb 1 5 volt 1 amp usb 2 521 ampere
performance even in this case could
our selling price for germany still
not to be named
The battery packs of the
Company pmg fell like a leg
ten in 2013 three different ones
akkupacks before but at more accurate
said powerpacks are called the
special features of these powerpacks are
that all three have an aluminum housing part
own a digital display over
This indicator is the charging state and
the battery consumption good to recognize
The powerbags are available in 2600 5200 7800
million
here bmw has good thoughts about the
usability of your power packs
the 2600 milliampere has one
output from one ampere all three batteries
are delivered with a usb cable there
both to load the power pack as
also to charge the smartphone or
The portal will serve over a tablet
USB chess or a USB power adapter loaded
the display shows the respective
Charge of the pack to the 5200
milliampere powerpack has two usb
power supply connections
It can thus be a smartphone and
a tray pc at the same time with electricity
supply
the big brother of the power pack series
by bmw is with 7800 milliampere
Also available here is one
LED display installed by default
charging and charging state of power
to display packs
the usability of the forex results
from the battery power of each
smartphones
when a powerpack can be charged
one for 1000 milliamps always one
hour charging time
this is the case with the 2600 milliamps
A charging time when the powerpack is empty
is just under three hours at 5200
a loading time of at least 5 hours
we have the 7800 milliampere powerpack
only charged at night so it's on
another day was fully operational again
when connecting the power pack to a
Smartphone has to be the one off button
be pressed when you pack the power
away from the smartphone turns off
that will come on its own
Taste serves that one also without that
power pack to operate the charge state
how much capacity the power can check
pack still possesses the form and the
elegance of the bmw power pack are very
good choise
it's fun the power pack of pn far
to use
it adds value to the smartphone
on the display is clearly readable and
does not seem oversized
the Powerbags of bmw comes in
different prices the 2600
milliampere power pack is for 29 euro
99 of the 5200 for 39 euro 99 and the 7800
for 49 99 euro in the trade
positive when buying a powerpack from
pn at is that's easy to 100
is charged and therefore used immediately
can be
buy recommendation for the power packs of
company appian way